Building controller modules (#1273) (#287)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-controller-obtaining-subscriptions.adoc

[id="controller-obtaining-subscriptions"]

> = Obtaining an authorized Ansible {ControllerName} subscription

Reviewer: Can customers get a controller subscription, or do they need an AAP subscription?

If you already have a subscription to a Red Hat product, you can acquire an {ControllerName} subscription through that subscription. 
If not, you can request a link:https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/ansible/try-it[trial subscription].  

.Procedure

> * If you already have a {PlatformName} subscription, use your Red Hat customer credentials when you launch the controller to access your subscription information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you already have a {PlatformName} subscription, use your Red Hat customer credentials when you launch {ControllerName} to access your subscription information. 
```

See xref:controller-importing-subscriptions[Importing a subscription].

> * If you have a non-Ansible Red Hat or Satellite subscription, access the automation controller with one of these methods:

Reviewer 2: access {ControllerName} with

** Enter your username and password on the license page.
** Obtain a subscriptions manifest from the link:https://access.redhat.com/management/subscription_allocations[Subscription Allocations] page on the Red Hat Customer Portal. 
For detailed information, see link:http://docs.ansible.com/automation-controller/4.4/html/userguide/import_license.html#obtain-sub-manifest[Obtaining a subscriptions manifest] in the Automation Controller User Guide.
** If you do not have a {PlatformName} subscription, go to link:https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/ansible/trial[Try Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform] and request a trial subscription.

.Additional resources

> To understand what is supported with your subscription, see link:http://docs.ansible.com/automation-controller/4.4/html/userguide/license-support.html#licenses-feat-support[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Controller Licensing, Updates, and Support]. 

Reviewer 2: There's an xref for this now. But probably better to wait until the UG is complete.
